# apocalypsenow_uni

My aim is to create a website with Apocalypse Now for movie. I can create the gallery to make them enjoy browsing the pictures and to watch the movie clips. My website is to target 18 year olds or over.  It will help them to find the information about Apocalypse Now. I will add images of Apocalypse Now in my gallery website. 18 year olds or over will be happy to buy the movie and enjoy watching it. 
I have used titles on every each pages such as Apocalypse Now, Gallery, Videos, User Reviews and Feedback. I have used #ffffff (white), rgb (40,00,00) for background and  Arial, sans-serif for navigation on every each pages and it stays when scrolled. I have used Ciller, #ff0000 (red) for header on every each pages but different size on some pages. I have used #550300 (marron) for background and 'Cabin', sans-serif text for body on every each pages. I have used white for background and rgb (255,0,0) (red) for text in paragraph on every each pages. I have put my name and ID number for footer on every each pages. I have used Java Script for gallery page; it will show up like slideshow. I have used a table on Cast and Crew page and put images and names with links of cast and crew to make it more organised. I put the user reviews from IMBD.com on User Reviews page. I created a form from cognitoforms.com for feedback page. It uses services from cognitofrom.com – this will help me improve my website whenever someone reviews it. 
I finished creating the website; I have to check the websites if there have some error so I have to improve it. It takes me three hours to find some error and improve the websites. I changed the colour for background and navigation. I also put images reference here in the end.
